Update app readme (#277)
atlassian/jenkins-for-jira: app/README.md

#### Initial setup

1. Create your `.env` file and add `BROWSER=none`. This will prevent a tab opening at http:localhost:3000 when you run `yarn start`.

> 2. Run `nvm use` in the folders: **/app** and **/app/jenkins-for-jira-ui** to switch to the correct `node` version.

Reviewer: Nice!

#### Install the app to your Jira instance

1. Build your app by running `yarn build` in **/app/jenkins-for-jira-ui**.

> 2. Deploy your app by running `forge deploy` in **/app**. `forge deploy --no-verify` if encounter invalidation of package.

Reviewer: Should we be doing this @joshkay10?

Reviewer 2: yeah we gotsta, since build and deployment info arent "valid" moduels at the moment, 
Maybe we break it into two steps so we are super careful.
initially run
`forge deploy` or `forge lint`
and if everything is good except for 2 acceptable errors...
- invalid value 'devops:deploymentInfoProvider' in modules
- invalid value 'devops:buildInfoProvider' in modules 

Then run with the no-verifuy flag

Then its less of a mystery

Reviewer: Yeah this is a hard one. Either make the devloop more complex or risk other errors coming through. Will any of these legitimate errors be caught in a PR build?

3. Install your app to your Jira site by running `forge install` in **/app**.

Follow the instructions in this setup wizard. Enter the hostname for your Jira site (e.g. `<your-site-name>.atlassian.net`).

> NOTE: This is the *only* step that needs to be repeated to install on different Jira sites. Do not repeat the steps above `forge deploy`. To run your app, follow the steps below.

## Running the app

> To run the app, make sure you have installed the app on your site as described above. You'll also need to your `ngrok-config-path` so you can create a local tunnel. Sign up [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) if you have not done so. To do this:

Reviewer: /nit Sign up to [ngrok] (missing the "to")

1. Build your app by running `yarn build` in **/app/jenkins-for-jira-ui**.
2. Deploy your app by running `forge deploy` in **/app**.

>    1.   If everything is good except for 2 acceptable errors...`invalid value 'devops:deploymentInfoProvider' in modules`

Reviewer 3: I think its better to address this in a different part. Maybe a sub heading or a small note saying _run forge deploy...._ if you face these 2 errors.

## Tests

In the **/app/jenkins-for-jira-ui** dir, run `yarn test`.

## Common Issues

> - When run `forge deploy`, if everything is good except for 2 acceptable errors...`invalid value 'devops:deploymentInfoProvider' in modules`

Reviewer 3: Can you please format it a bit nicely too? 
```suggestion
- When running `forge deploy`, please run `forge deploy --no-verify` if you get these two errors
- `invalid value 'devops:deploymentInfoProvider' in modules`
- 'invalid......`

```
